I love you , it's me again
a long time ago but now I am in old age
get back fresh and it will be
again regular videos of me
come
I had a very stressful
Clausurphase and now it's all over
and I have time again and have
pretty much planned and happy
also extremely today you see from
me my favorite month and that
it's about the month of february
and if your interest have what
I especially like products in february
like to have then stay up
In any case, my first product
I want you to meet the anna
heat spray from l'oréal
I watched it at a youtube
but I can not call me at
rain that was
if you have seen this could be here
sign or something I know
it's no longer because I like that
many youtube already in
my list and also shivering
therefore I do not know exactly
Something comes up but because now price
I have to say I am very very
picky
So I had everything from John Frieda
I once tried out of that
try barbershop and I think
with heat spray that is always so lets
So they totally become hair after that
so sticky and somehow so hard and so on
I really want my hair in
but only to protect oneself from the senses
not extremely steep so annoying me
This hairspray effect the most
have heat protection agent for me and yes
I searched for a long time and exactly a few
Schwimmerin mentioned this and me
as I said I do not know who but me
am very grateful to her in any case because
that it is absolutely super there are three
There are different but there are volume lure
and smooth and then over three each
days from this
creates and yes so I have that now
volume was from time to time makes me login from
and i do with straight hair and
then I did not want to commit myself there
I just wanted both hairstyles because
have, each with volume so
I decided to do it
it smells divine and I find it
just does not stick your hair like that
my other products and that's why
it's a big favorite so every
when I share my hair now
then I do it purely and today also
they are still supple
and are just not as glued as with
the other products I have so far
So I've tested a very big one
Lover for me this month
my next product is once and that
I would not have thought of myself
buy with my problematic house
I actually mostly products
from the pharmacy or leave me
prescribe my skin doctors and
This time I thought okay for that
maybe a little something from the
because I'm not because of that
opinion that the expensive always the same
better than cheap products and me
Think if you look at the right one
then ingredients can pay attention
cheap or drugstore products certainly
also have their appeal and here I have
but the m looked around and am up
the garnier clear what a game came
Revolution because I am there after the
come and have it here once
for finished to impurities prone
I can definitely skin anyone
recommend
I get it said neither
exciting skin even more
impurities as I do not react
It is definitely negative
great and I have it almost now
half full used for about two
months and so I have to say it is
I am super happy that I am
It may have been found on everyone
If any of you recommend the
my videos are a bit longer
I know that I actually
my power and my bronze about everything
Love and that the products are the ones I
actually so to marry and
control constantly used now
I got married with sleep
I was on the side and I am
by blanches super excited and
that's why I thought okay try
something different and here I
found the face account child
Here is once in the container
both rider and bronze or
contoured brother almost because it
There is no real orange there
light therefore can it also good for
use contours and I have
I did not even get that
I did not bother with that, okay
because I'm my next product
once the cola liner of p2 and over
I've used it more often
Pattex and I do not know if I'm in
mentioned my year's favorites
but since the case definitely would
great fit
that's a skin-colored little one
or kajal and I always wear it
So on the waterline on white
Christmas is always for the waterline
a bit problematic because of her
just as stand out from yours
natural color on the
Waterline is so much
Fast artificial looks from there
I always try somehow more in the
groove or beige or rosé direction
go around easier with one eye
to offer effect
and yes then I'm actually very much
well, there are things like that
maybelline i believe the cost around that
five euro p2 is of course one
unbeatable price i think i have
I already shot my next 190
Product and sand become me
probably many ask because the
most popular question is about what
you wear on your lips and that is
also my new favorite because this
month I have worn him constantly and
that is once from l'oreal the coal
rieschen in the color 257 square and it is
everything so unbelievably beautiful old
pink color so actually the colors
I use my lips in everyday life
I like wearing most of my clothes
color type as far as everyday life is concerned
when i go out then and she does
I wear that on my lips
he looks a bit too
with ginger out because I'm still there
I can mix another color
In any case, I recommend any further
love the l'oréal kolorit lipsticks
I think they are just colors
intense and yet
moisturizing and who is there
a good
who wants to afford good things then
that can definitely be on this
I can resort to lipsticks
Highly recommend
my penultimate product and I am
curious how you react to it
I've talked about it so often
What are you doing with your hair
cut off for you makes another
color or do you make a pony and
Whatever and I have one
had little idea what the ponies
concerns and I'm very curious what
Of course, you would think so too
super happy if we would communicate that
In any case, I have thought about it
you get a pony now i know yeah
we will not try it out like that first
would look like
I do not know what do you think about it
I've been thinking for a long time and I'm too
The decision was just something
to be true and yes that's my pony
it is currently straight and on the other hand
a little bit longer
Write me the comments here
will find out if that suits me or if it is
Absolute fallacy would be and I say
would of course was I can not
conjure up and all at once from a moment
have on the other a pony that is
a clip in the pony and I'm awesome
Loved the quality I have
I ordered them from Amazon
now already out writing me in
the comments how he finds that
most did not ask are there
Not that excited I am
always a bit skeptical I think
opinion in front of the effective pony
quickly dangerous and that was it
with my favorites in february
I hope you liked it I hope
he is going to the beautiful february and
now he is now superstart in the
march and i would say if you are lucky
we'll see each other as always
next video and until then everything on it
O